[prometheus] aggregating proxy (#6987)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/300-prometheus/docs/README.md

## Included modules

> Module interaction scheme:
> 
> ![Module interaction scheme](../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring.svg)
> 
> The scheme of interaction of modules using a single aggregated data source (WIP):
> 
> ![The scheme of interaction of modules using a single aggregated data source (WIP)](../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring_new.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring_new.svg">
```

> <img src="../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring.svg">
> 
> WIP: new scheme for single datasource (testing_now)
> 
> <img src="../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring_new.svg">
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Module interaction scheme:

![Module interaction scheme](../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring.svg)

The scheme of interaction of modules using a single aggregated data source (WIP):

![The scheme of interaction of modules using a single aggregated data source (WIP)](../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring_new.svg)

```

<img src="../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring.svg">

##### WIP: new scheme for single datasource (testing_now)

> <img src="../../images/300-prometheus/prometheus_monitoring_new.svg">

Reviewer: Let's make it official an remove trickster.

Author: in next iteration
